Little to no side effects, for me. I am happy!
Started on this just over a month ago. No more urges to end it all, much more calm, sleeping better and co-workers have noticed a great improvement in attitude.
This drug gave me a new life- the one i had always felt just out of reach. And it saved my marriage.
I have been on this medication for five years now for the treatment of depression and anxiety. I absolutely love it, as it allows me to be fully myself. I would highly recommend this to anyone suffering from depression or anxiety.
less anxiety and more energy
This medication is a life saver. I had quit taking it for about 4 months & my depression came back full board. After resuming treatment, I was balanced after about 6-8 weeks. No side effects whatsoever.
This medication literally saved my life. I would have to tell myself the reasons I had to live EVERY DAY. I have become a recluse. I knew I would die if I didn't get help. After only 3 days on this medication, I no longer feel the urge to kill myself. If no one has had long term depression, it's hard to understand. The only side effect has been an awful headache in the morning. Despite it all, I will keep taking this drug.
It works. I sleep at night.
just dot like the way it makes me feel
only thing that keeps my nerve pain controlled
Started taking Lipitor 3 months ago, my total cholesterol has dropped from 279 to 170, my good cholesterol which was good even went up, no side effects at all.
no problems at all taking this drug
approved and branded drug.
very fast recovery. enjoying my life
I would highly recommend this drug to anyone who suffers from depression.
I finally have a clear head on my shoulders.I don't feel depressed at all. I would highly recommend this drug anyone who suffers from depression.
This drug changed my life.very nice drug highly recommended.
This is a nice drug.I had a little dry mouth but otherwise nothing to really not as a bad side effect. My overall health is much improved as well as my confidence.
This medicine may very well save my life.good medicine.
I would highly recommend this medicine to anyone who suffers from this disease.
I would highly recommend this. It truly saved me.
Feel so much better and it had no side effects at all.
Highly recommended.
i have been taking zocor for over 7 years, it works great. no side effects. just one pill a day i take it before bed.
Never any problems with this medication.
So far, so good! I am on the smallest dose currently and it has eased my fibromyalgia pain greatly.
Helps with seizure control and anxiety
Very effective Not as good as the 800 mg but overall good on common head and body pain
I use this in place of my pain medicine. It helps make my days bearable; cuts down on taking pain medicine.
Mostly effective. It has helped me regain a more normal life. I was on Ultram for 2 years before and never had much relief until I started the Morphine. People do not realize how tough it is to live with chronic pain. Morphine has really helped.
Very effective pain reliever. I believe my body had to acclimate to the drug over time (one week). Initially it caused a slight rash and skin blotches on one side of my body; both disappeared after continued use (after a week's use).
Started on 20mg in September, and increased to 40mg in November. My life has changed. I feel like a new person. This medication saved my life.
I have to say this medication helps with pain that I have very well
Helps lower pain level to a better level.
So far this medicine has helped my pain alot.
works well at first but after 2 years it is not very effective. I have chronic nerve damage so it does help.
Due to an accident, I have been suffering with pain and depression. I have tried many different medications with no help at all. My doctor then said let's try abilify. I use abilify along with Buspirone and I feel the best I have in years. I want to do things again, I have energy again, I feel like myself again! I am very pleased with the results abilify has provided me.
Ability 2mg was added to my lexapro20 felt great after 4 days. Been suffering for 4years after my original meds stopped working after 11years (Effexor xr) tried 7 others and finally I'M out of that deep dark tunnel. I now want to live. I'M myself again hang in there something will work God bless
after i used this hydrocox...i fell better
2 days after surgery, I was in intense pain, the medicine wasn't as strong as the Vicdon (?) and instead of every 6 hours I had to take the meds every 4 hours. 2 days later I was fine, and no need for the pain meds!
I went to the hospital with severe pain in my stomach, treatment in hospital was excellent, the pain disappeared. The prescription for pain was Hydrocodone-Acetaminophen 5-325, which I started using it right away. It's been five days after the incident passed without feeling pain. Apparently my body reacted well to the medication.
I have been on a few different doses of prozac to treat my depression and anxiety and I have experienced no side effects and it has helped me a lot! Im very glad I started using this!
took a few weeks to get the benefits but this drug has been a life saver for me. I have been using it for 20+ years
This medication has really given me back my mom. Before she started this drug, she was so so depressed that talking to her brought tears to my eyes, but thanks to Prozac, she is herself after taking it for one and half months now. My mom is 78 years old.
i was in so much pain i could barely walk and daily life was very hard this drug has helped me so much the injection are painful i love them but my quality of life is so much better.
Great drug! costly but I've experienced very few symptoms while on this and it has pushed me into remission. Grateful. No swelling in joints.
works very well
recommended
very fast
very fast recovery,enjoying
Two words - MIRACLE DRUG. Tried other brands of antidepressants that just didn't work. Won't ever look back again!
No better drug than this.Very satisfying and handy.
These bad reviews are nonsense. I had no side effects and bladder infection cleared up.
This is a wonder drug. I was very sick for 7 days and was given bactrum in the beginning. After that did not work, I was given Cipro. Wonderful. I feel like a new woman after just one dose.
This drug is very useful to get relief from pain. 
Everyone must take that medicine.
I like this drug.It give relief from pain and fast recovery.
It is a very good medicine from injury recovery.
This drug must be used by everyone.
Use this drug.
This drug is useful but take under doctor's recommendation.
Drug is easily available.It must give good result.
I love this drug.
This drug is effective.It can be used..very good product.
effective medicine.
awesome medicine must be used.
Use this drug. It is useful.
This drug is useful for the User.
I love this Drug. 
good
extremely useful drug
extremely useful drug
extremely useful drug
extremely useful drug
excellent
extremely useful drug
excellent
fascinate
honor
Use this drug.
This drug is useful but take under doctor's recommendation.
Drug is easily available.It must give good result.
I love this drug.
This drug is effective.It can be used..very good product.
effective medicine.
awesome medicine must be used.
Use this drug. It is useful.
I have been on this product for years with no problems. My quality of life has greatly improved with this drug.
It helps somewhat but doesn't fully take care of the pain to where I can tolerate it.
Works best when taken at same time daily. Calmed my acid reflux at night.
This drug is useful for the User.
I love this Drug. healing fast.
pros
desire
fabulous
breathtaking
blissful life
A real lifesaver. I used to vomit all the time and now I have a life again.
Works well. Cough well away after a few months. Cheap too, on Walmart 4 dollar list.
Amazing. One little pink pill and my bp dropped from 160+ into the 120's. I have no side effects at all, unlike some of the other reviewers.
fine very well
Works well. I experience dry cough the last 6 months.
Just started and BP is better, so far not any side effect occur.
My husband started on this medication and after two months of use...He started an awful cough and nasal drip that is still persistent after stopping it for one weeks..He is going back to the physician and with hope he did not cause any damage to his lungs..I hope that every person who reads this will be scared enough NOT to use it..Side effects are very scary and certainly unpleasant.
keeps my blood pressure down. No bad dreams like other medicine I have taken. dry cough only lasts for a few minutes after taking the pill.
extremely useful drug
My mom had this when she was suffering from typhoid. she recovered very fast
recommended
good
no side effects at all.
no side effects at all.
enjoying my life. good!
healing fast .enjoying my life